

# Privacy Policy

The Software respects and protects the privacy of all users of the Service. In order to provide more accurate and personalized services, the Software uses and discloses your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, the software handles this information with great care and care. Unless otherwise provided in the Privacy Policy, you will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without the prior consent of the Software. This software will update this privacy policy from time to time. By accepting the Software Service Usage Agreement, you consider that you have accepted the full content of the Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software Service Use Agreement. 1. Scope a) Information on the mobile phone that is automatically received and recorded by the software when the software uses a network service, including but not limited to your health data, language used, access date and time, hardware and software features. And such data as the necessary web records 2. Using the information a) After the data is obtained, the software uploads it to the server to create the list of data, so you can better use the service. 3. Disclosure of Information a) The Software will not publish your data to unreliable third parties. (b) Publish to third parties or administrative and judicial institutions in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act or the requirements of administrative or judicial institutions; Storage and Exchange of Information Information and materials you collect in connection with the Software are stored on the servers of the Software and / or its affiliates, which may collect information and materials in your country, region or Software. It is located outside the country and can be accessed, stored and displayed outside the country. 5. Information Security a) When using the software web service for online transactions, it will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the partner or potential partner. Please protect your personal information and only give it to others if necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaking, please contact the software customer support department immediately to ensure that the software takes appropriate measures.
